Hyakuman nin no tame ni
utawareta love song nanka ni
Boku wa kantan ni omoi wo
kasanetari wa shinai
Koi seyo to semeru
kono machi no kihon kouzou wa
Easy love! Easy come! Easy go!
Souzou shiteita yori mo
zutto mirai wa genjitsuteki dane
Kuruma mo shibaraku sora wo
hashiru yotei mo nasasousa
Soshite kyou mo
chikatetsu ni nori
Mukuchi na tanin to
machi ni okizari ne
Dakara lonely, lonely, setsunakute
kowaresouna yoru ni sae
Lonely, lonely, kimidake wa
original love wo tsuranuite
Lonely, lonely, aitakute
kogoesouna mainichi ni
Kotoba ni dekinai koto wa
murini shinai kotoni shita
Ano hito dake kokoro no seikantai
Wasuretai ne
Love me, love me,
tsuyoku yowai kokoro
Kiss me, kiss me,
aseru hitorino yoru
A student attacked a member
of the Board of Education.
It's unheard of...
Really, kids are unpredictable...
...these days...
What is the school doing?
Did that girl really say
she stabbed Saito?
There is no other way
of looking at it...
I'm not asking for your opinion.
I'm asking you if the girl
herself really said so.
No... She didn't say so...
...but when I asked her,
she didn't deny it.
Is there a problem?
If Saito were to find out...
...about Mizuki Yokoyama's suicide...
...what do you think he would do?
How is his condition?
The doctor says he is
in critical condition.
I feel bad for him,
but it is a break for us.
Yes. Unless he speaks up...
...the connection between
Mizuki Yokoyama's suicide and us...
...will not be revealed...
This incident will finally
be put to rest.
Ah, then, everyone.
Regarding
Onizuka's Eikichi dismissal...
...and Miyabi Aizawa's
surrender to the police...
...we're going to hand
in our votes. All right?
Vice Principal, please wait.
What is it?
I don't know how much authority
the Board of Education has...
...but these one-sided
demands are unreasonable!
But, Fuyutsuki-sensei...
...what Aizawa did was
undoubtedly a case of assault.
We don't know
if she really stabbed him!
After all, we've heard
Kikuchi and the others' stories.
And we're still obeying
the Board's orders? It's wrong!
But Yokoyama's
pregnancy is just a rumor.
We have no hard evidence...
...and yet the school runs
the risk of being shut down.
There are many other schools.
If you're only
thinking about yourself...
...you're no different
from the idiots on the Board.
You are so rude!
I am thinking about this school!
Then why don't you fight
against the Board of Education?!
That is...
Principal!
If we continue arguing like this,
we will make little progress.
Please cast your votes!
Principal!
We won't vote yet.
What?!
- What did you say?! No way!
- This isn't what I was told!
I believe the students' story
and Onizuka-sensei.
Principal!
If we settle the matter now...
...only to save the school...
...the problems which are
rampant in the school...
...won't go away.
They will actually get worse.
But, Principal, if we do nothing...
Vice Principal.
This term may be
out-of-date nowadays...
...but we are...
...Seishokusha (professionals
in the sacred vocation).
Seishokusha?
Generations
might have changed.
The way of education
But this thing should
never be shaken...
...even if we need to hold on
with our last ounce of strength.
We have to stand firm...
...as professionals
in this sacred vocation.
Onizuka-sensei!
The Principal is on your side!
Onizuka...
What's this?
Excuse me..!
I'm just a show biz agent...
How could I do such a thing?!
- Just spread the word...
- Good morning!
-...that it's a scoop. That's all!
- We'll do the rest.
- It smells like tobacco again.
- But...
- You have to get some air...
- This is the last time...
-...in here. It isn't good for you...
...I'll bother you. Please.
Tomoko, that window is..!
- What are you going to do?
- What's with this wind?!
- Never mind.
- It's too windy.
- I'm counting on you.
- Close it now!
I'm sorry!
That's all right. It only needs
to be cleaned up...
It will take the whole day, won't it?
Oh, I'll help you.
Never mind!
Just do your job.
- I screwed up again!
- Hello.
Hey, can you really do that?!
Security's tight...
Of course.
Getting into the database
of the hospital...
...and reading the death
certificate won't be easy...
But there is no other way.
We don't have evidence...
...that the Board
of Education hushed it up.
But if Yokoyama's
medical records...
...have been altered...
...that means there
had to have been...
...someone who altered them.
Although they may
not say anything...
...the media will get suspicious
about the Board of Education.
Really... Come to think of it...
...why do I need to lose my job
because of those shitty brats?
Right, buddy?!
- Yeah.
- You think so, too?
They don't have manners.
They leave their textbooks at school.
When I scold them,
they talk back.
When it gets worse,
they use violence, too.
They do Enjo Kosai.
They smoke tobacco.
In the end they call me bald
in public and laugh at me.
With these kids...
...why do we need
to keep ourselves...
...as Seishokusha?
Principal... Is she really
going up against the Board?
No! No!
I won't let it happen!
Whatever people
may say about me...
...I won't let my little bit
of happiness be ruined!
Can you do something
about that man?
I'm sorry...
Really, he's a nuisance.
Seishokusha...
It sounds so sweet now...
ODEN
God, what do you want me,
Hiroshi Uchiyamada...
...to do now...?
Oh, Fuyutsuki-chan. What's up?
Staying up late is not
good for your skin.
Get serious.
Onizuka-kun, what are you
going to do?
Fuyutsuki-chan.
Can you lend me some money?
You see,
Ryuji would make a fuss...
...and demand that I return
his money right away...
I didn't think you would...
If you lend money
to someone like me...
...you don't know
when it will be repaid...
Please don't go...
I've been wanting
to tell you for a long time...
Fuyu and Tsuki stand for
winter moon... It's a nice name.
In winter the air is dry...
...so the moon looks much
clearer than it does right now...
Don't worry about me.
I'm going to another
extracurricular lesson as always.
Here they come!
We should go, too!
Wait!
Vice Principal! Quickly!
I know... I know...
We've been waiting for you.
Sakurai-san. I told you
that was an order.
You must be joking.
Does the Board of Education
have such authority?
I don't have any intention...
...of following
yesterday's two demands.
Are you defending
a suspect accused of assault...
...and a violent teacher?
Miyabi Aizawa might not
have stabbed Saito-sensei.
At least I believe she didn't do it.
I also believe in Onizuka-sensei.
Even though he might have
overstepped his authority...
...I won't fire him
because of that.
Overstepped?!
It's not so easy!
That was a threat!
His being a teacher itself
is a big problem!
If you want us
to take responsibility...
...I, as the principal, will do so.
But I have no intention of taking
Miyabi Aizawa to the police now.
If we do,
no truth will be revealed...
...and she may be
judged as a criminal.
Truth?
Saito-sensei might have
tried to commit suicide.
Last year when his relationship...
...was exposed by the media...
...in front of his students,
Saito-sensei swore...
...that he would continue
the relationship with her.
In spite of that...
...he changed his position...
...and denied it in front of
the investigation committee.
He was a very
enthusiastic teacher...
...who was respected
by his students.
I wonder if someone,
with such character...
...could lie to his students.
I believe Saito-sensei
really loved Yokoyama.
So when Saito found out
about Yokoyama's suicide...
...I think he wanted
to end his life, too.
And why did he need
to lie in the first place?!
Are you trying to say
that we forced him to lie?
Shoot!
What's the matter, Kikuchi?
I was able to enter
the database...
...but I don't see any trace
of alteration of the data.
Our enemy won't
be caught so easily...
What should we do, Kikuchi?!
The meeting has already started!
Don't blame Kikuchi!
I know that!
Kikuchi...
What, Yoshikawa?!
Why are you playing
a game at a time like this?!
I'm not!
This looks like
Saito's home page.
What?!
He seems to be responding
to his students' questions...
Look at this...
Let's see...
I have had
a forbidden love affair.
So I really know
how hard and terrible it is.
But I thought this way.
What is best for our future?
We shouldn't listen
to others' objections...
...if we're okay,
that should be enough.
But can we call it
real happiness?
To be blessed by everyone...
...that is the best.
So I have decided
to wait until then.
Because I really love her...
Saito-sensei didn't betray us!
We have to let everyone know!
All right. We should
go to the school!
These days the erosion
of education is a big issue.
So I understand that you
are very nervous about scandals.
But in order to save the reputation
of your organization...
...you have sacrificed two lives...
...no, to be precise, three lives.
That's stupid!
You have no evidence.
And if the incident is revealed...
...the reputation of this school...
...which is considered elite,
will diminish.
Are you still going
to defend one student?
Yes.
Hey, you guys. Why don't you
stop this insane principal?
She is about
to cost you your jobs.
Prostrating Vice Principal.
How about you?
What's the matter?
We are not saying
you have to take responsibility.
It's idiotic to throw away your life
for just one student, isn't it?
Students nowadays...
...have no respect
toward their teachers at all.
They use violence
without hesitation...
...and if there is
something they don't like...
...they go out of control.
- Even if the student here...
- Wait...
...attacked a person with a knife...
-...it wouldn't come as a surprise.
- Hey...
- And Enjo Kosai...
- Wait a minute...
...not coming to school...
- We've reached the limit.
- Wait a minute..!
It's not your
or our responsibility...
I'm telling you to shut up!
I won't allow any opinions
which insult the students!
If in order to protect
the organization...
...the Board of Education
cornered Saito-sensei...
...you are the criminals!
You aren't qualified
to discuss education!
Vice Principal...
Isn't it right?!
Because of that...
...Mizuki Yokoyama
had to commit suicide!
That means you're the same
as murderers!
This is so stupid.
He doesn't make sense...
You're the ones who don't
make any sense!
Certainly, both this school
and the Board of Education...
...are organizations.
But for whom do these
organizations exist?
They've never, ever been
for you or us teachers!
All of these organizations
exist for the students!
No matter how devastated
the real world of education is...
...we should never
turn away from it...
...as professionals
of this sacred vocation...
...and as teachers!
Bravo, Vice Principal!
Oh, no, I'm just...
I suppose there is no one...
...who can discuss this
in a rational fashion...
It's no use discussing this
with those of you who don't...
...recognize the authority
of the Board of Education.
Effective immediately...
...I suspend the operational
license of Holy Forest Academy.
Wait a minute!
Onizuka!
The reputation of the school?
The authority
of the Board of Education?
What are those things?
I can break them
down right now!
Onizuka!
You..!
Vice Principal.
If you yell too much,
your baldness will get worse.
Is that right...?
What did you say?!
Let's settle this now.
What can you,
a mere schoolteacher, do?
OKINOSHIMA
Go ahead.
Roger.
Please go to the conference
room on the third floor.
Go! Hurry up!
We're live, stand by!
What are you doing?!
It's a violent attack...
It's very close to it, Tomo-chan.
You! What did you...?!
Here! Here they are!
Director Igarashi.
Did Saito really have...
...a relationship
with a female student?
Did the Board of Education
force him to make...
...a false statement
because you were afraid...
...that the incident
would be revealed?
This is shocking news.
There is speculation that
the Board of Education had a role...
...in a female student's suicide...
This incident started...
- What's on the news?
-...last June when a teacher...
- I don't care about that.
-...of an elite private school...
- Don't change it!
-...and his student had...
...a relationship and their
photographs were revealed...
- Wow! Eikichi's there!
-...in a magazine...
...which troubled
the Board of Education.
Hey! You can't go
to the conference room!
Hey, it's on TV!
Let's go.
What's going on?
Let's go in!
Yeah!
Is it true you hushed it up?
There is no basis
for that insinuation!!
But is it true that the student...
- Eikichi...
-...committed suicide?
But it has nothing to do with us.
There is a rumor that the female
student was pregnant...
...is it true that you made...
...Saito give
a false statement?
You are rude!
- Do you have evidence?
- Calm down, Director!
The issue we have
before us now is that...
...a female student at
Holy Forest stabbed Saito!
That's not true.
The one who stabbed
Saito isn't a student.
It was me, Eikichi Onizuka,
22 years old.
What are you talking about?!
It was Miyabi Aizawa...
This is the weapon...
...with Saito's blood
and my fingerprints.
Do you have
a problem with that?
- Oh, no.
- I don't care what you guys...
- He finally did it.
-...have been doing.
- Take me to Onizuka.
- But I will not allow you to turn...
...my students into criminals!
Quickly!
Onizuka!
Teacher!
Hey, you guys!
Don't skip school, all right?!
Teacher!
Don't worry. It'll work out.
Onizuka-sensei...
Onizuka..!
Onizuka...
Yes?
Really?!
Hey! Saito's awake!
The hospital! Go to the hospital!
Did you hear about it?
Now we'll find out
the real truth in this case.
You've never forced Saito...
...to make a false
statement, have you?
Director. Please
give us a comment.
What's going on?
What's the matter?
Are you going to run away?
Teacher.
Saito-sensei was seriously
trying to protect Yokoyama.
Yoshikawa found it!
That's great!
You saved me...?
What? What are you
talking about?
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry...
We know
Saito stabbed himself...
...so why is Onizuka
being taken away?
They can't just
release him, can they?
Onizuka!
What are you going to do?!
He ran away!
What?!
After all, I didn't
want to get arrested!
I'm innocent!
TWO MONTHS LATER
What's the matter,
Fuyutsuki-sensei?
Nothing...
From the look of it, I guess
he hasn't contacted you yet...
Right... I wonder where
he is and what he's doing...
Don't worry.
As long as you are here,
he'll come back.
Or do you want
to go chase after him?
JUSTICE
My adrenaline's always flowin'
So it feels like I'll overheat
Even if I explode and turn to ashes
I'll probably still be laughing
Just like this
Blowing past the town
To the ends of the world
Let's burn rubber
And die together like lovers
Let's cut loose
Until we reach our limit
So we can reach the horizon
Crash! Into the rolling morning
Flash!
I'm in the coolest driver's high
Toward the finish line
G-T-O?
Yes!
I am the great teacher Onizuka...
...22 years old.
Nice to meet you!
SEE YA NEXT TIME